"Gotans are not there. Even you receive a teaching, even you know all the tools, again, it's just
only become an intellectual. It's not really absorbed. You're not connecting to your nature. You're
not connecting to the world. The words, lineage of the Muslims."
This lineage, the Muslims and the comparison of the lineage is like conditions. In order to develop
the things that are happening, what they need? Cause and conditions. Cause is with us. We, each of
us, have a corporate cause. But every life of the conditions is not going to happen.
The devotion blessing is, the lineage blessing is the conditions. In order to observe that in the
heart, to connect to us is the devotions. Then the cause is already with us.
And then, when the conditions are merged, you talk with the cause, then it will bloom, bloom the
result. So therefore, devotion is really so important.
And for that reason, the gracious teacher, Vadakshaktamani, Swaminar said in the time, teaching
said, "personally devotion is the role of enlightenment." He said, "The role of devotion is like
the role of enlightenment."
And we close the door of devotion, we close the enlightenment. And then Buddha also said, "vatyapar
ama," taking in the absolute teacher, He said, "absolute truth must be discovered by the devotions."
That's it. This is the life of the experienced instructors. The Buddha had completely discovered
the enlightenment, because the devotions, encouraging commitment, that really was discovered.
So therefore, he Buddha said, "What? The absolute truth must be realized by devotees."
So this is all. And every those great masters, one after another, one after another, all those
relaxed beings, devotion is so important. That's what he said.
We do the devotion, realization of one's roles. Even we talk sometimes, "Oh, give me blessings, I
like to have blessings." But it depends on the devotees.
In order to receive the Australian strength of the blessings that you have to receive, this is
imagined by the devotees.
And we have bigger devotions, we get bigger blessings. And we have the small devotions, we get
small blessings.
And we have the medium blessed devotees, we get medium blessings.
Blessings are measured by the devotees. So therefore, this devotion is so important. It helps for
devotees.
When we have the strong devotees, when we have the joy in the body of the devotees, there is no
more than hesitation, doubt, and scepticism.
Humorals are blended in, in that nature. They are immoral. It's beautiful. Therefore, devotion
itself, devotion is joy.
And the feeling of the preciousness, devotion is trust. It's all combined into it. That is what
they need, devotion.
So, still, beautiful. Arise up, beautiful devotion. Feel the closeness. Feel the preciousness.
Be trusted to the lineage. Trust to the teaching. Let that absorb to the heart, not disturbed by
doubt and hesitation, this and that things.
We need that. With those visual thought, and then, such as in the Munro teaching, what is it?
It is said and called as calling the Lama Paats. If you have time, do those practices.
That was still called the Lama Paats. Again, it has two meanings. Externally, calling some Lamas,
operating Lamas.
But reality is absolute, our own Lamas. We really activate our inner natures.
Beautifulness, glory, the original ground. We activate it, land that Sydney, not that high behind.
It is called the Lama Paats. Then, this is very important.
Again, this is known as portraying of the mind. Many of you know this. Portraying of the mind.